there we going back at a checkpoint
there's like seven miles to the nearest
gas station with the head
Oh what she saw
how much news
danger
there we go
you
I only need failure it appears he should
cease like really annoying Ken's that
you are so pedophile
and father
all right now you know you finally place
one drop again after you spoon spatula
just went well awesome and I can hack
the game is to send you the most a
design push push push push those were
his socks and we're here where's hide
stuff like that behind ya their necks
brass song
go stupid
there's box this one is like parts where
the monsters just gang up on you and
like just like continue like continue a
try to rape you which is its own one
because most of the time if they do
because you're cool I can hover here and
look around
unless they stop
Oh
you
hi Sally is like creeps
oh alright so now you get golden special
for your next hard work you also get one
of those things don't know how you get
there but look so delicious years
running alright unit or the other side
we eat you're going special you can eat
your cake you can't have a purpose like
this again we can really have fun
passionate realize I cameras been off
dump the whole time wow that's really
cool okay palmerston four minutes into
video- downtown streets i'm in downtown
streets I don't know what you do I think
they you just gone I don't know this
door is locked from the inside
I sure can't go backwards it I think
about my wish on it there we are that's
pretty cool so there is no real end to
this level it's just more like a kind of
finish finishing spatula
another study
offered the beginning you can get a
special i think for out of the statue
go all the way the game can it'll be
like a statue you can I did find a stock
or some kind of good at the top I can't
remember was it he's all gone you know
what go clear sir 14 Golden Flashes just
sold on because I need 15 unfabulous so
you go type miss Papa she's not glue at
all
artisteer advantage because
they're supposed to get up up turns it
on because they felt life but whatever
there we go all right CBC's continue
doing this until either a sophomore
special up here some nachos on the most
dad is fine push push push
big there we go you're going special for
all that work that's pretty cool and if
you really want to I don't want to but
if you really want to you can actually
go and somehow how about two minutes if
you wanted to you could um go to the CEO
but we're not going to cuz i don't want
so we're going to go take a taxi back to
any water now we have 15 golden spatulas
which means that we can
which means that we can go to Uganda
Poseidon so it's good a time
alright so i could go to the poseidon
right now but I'd rather just stay right
now this
alright so I'll see you guys next time
when we fight sandy I mean